<!-- INHERITANCE -->
-> Reusablility is a very important feature of OOPs
-> The concept of Resuability in C++ is supported using inheritance 
-> We can reuse the properties of an existing class by inheriting from it 
-> The existing class is called as the BASE CLASS. 
-> The new class which is inherited is called as the DERIVED CLASS 
-> There are different types of inheritance in c++ 

Froms of Inheritance in C++; 
-> Single Inheritance
    * A derived class with only one BASE CLASS.
-> Multiple Inheritance
    * A derived class with more than one BASE CLASS.
-> Hierarchical Inheritance
    * Several derived class from a single BASE CLASS.
-> MultiLevel Inheritance
    * Deriving a class from already derived class 
-> Hybrid Inheritance
    * Hybrid Inheritance is a combination of multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance.  
    * A class is derived from two classes as in multiple inheritance 
    *  However, one of the paren classes is not a base class. 
            A 
        |       | 
        B       C 
           | |
            D


+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
// Derived Class Syntax 
class {{derived-class-name}}: {{visibility-mode}} {{base-class-name}}
{
    members , methods , etc 
} 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

-> default visibility mode is private 
-> Private Visibility Mode : 
    * Public members of the base class becomes the private members of the derived class 
-> Public Visibility Mode : 
    * Public members of the base class becomes the Public members of the derived class 
-> Private members are not inherited 


<!-- Access Modifiers -->
<!-- 
For a Protected Member : 
                Public Derivation       Private Derivation      Protected Derivation 
1.Private           -                       -                       -
2.Protected         Protected               Private                 Protected 
3.Public            Public                  Private                 Protected 
-->

protected : 
    private but it can be inherited 

<!-- 
Notes:
    if we are inheriting B from A and C from B (A->B->C)
    1.A is the base class for B and B is the base class for C 
    2.A->B->C is called Inheritance Path 
-->

Multiple Inheritance Syntax: 
<!--
 A ->
      -> C 
 B ->
--> 
class Derived : {{visibility-mode}} base1 , {{visibility-mode}} base2 {
    class body , methods etc; 
}

<!-- Ambiguity Resolution -->

A class is derived/inherited from two or more classes with having same property.
then derived classing doesn't know which to refer , this is called Ambuiguity. 

-> To Resolve this we need to make a function so that it should choose from the selcted class.
<!-- 
class Derived : public Base1 , public Base2 {
    int a ; 
    public : 
        void greet(){
            Base1 :: greet(); 
        }

}; 
-->



<!-- Virtual Base Class -->

                    A
                    | 
                B       C
                |       | 
                    |
                    D

Here A is the Virtual Base Class 
-> A is inherited 2 times when it comes to the D so ,Two Copies of A is present at D. 
-> To Avoid these confusion we use virtual base class concept ; 
-> It resolves the ambiguity 
class B : virtual public A {

}
class C : virtual public A {
    
}

<!-- Constructors in Derived Class -->
--> We can use constructors  in derived classes in C++; 
--> If base class constructor does not have any arguments , there is no need of any constructor in derived class.  
--> But if there are one or more arguments in the base class constructor , 
derived class need to pass arguments to the base class constructor 
--> If both base and derived classes have construcotrs , base class constructor is executed first. 

<!-- Constructors in Multiple Inheritance -->
-> In multiple inheritance , base classes are constructed in the order in which they appear in the class declaration. 

<!-- Constructors in Multi Level Inheritance -->
-> In multilevel Inheritance , the constructors are executed in the order of inheritance. 

<!-- Special Syntax -->

-> C++ supports a special syntax for passing arguments to multiple base classes. 
-> The constructor of the derived class reveives all the arguments at once and then will pass the calls to the respective base classes. 
-> The body is called after all the constructors are finished executing

<!-- Special case of virtual base class -->

-> The constructors for virtual base classes are invoked before an nonvirtual base class 
-> If there are multiple virtual base classes,they are invoked in the order declared. 
-> Any non-virtual base class are then constructed before the derived class constructor is executed 



<!-- Order Of Execution -->
<!-- 
Case 1: 
class B : public A {
    order of execution of constructor -> first A() then B() 
}
case 2:
class A : public A , public C {
    order of execution of constructor -> B() then C() then A()
}
case 3: 
class A : public B , virtual public C {
    order of execution of constructor -> C() then B() then A()
}
-->

<!-- /*
Syntax for initialization list in constructor : 
constructor (argument-list ) :  initialization-section
{
    Assignment + other code; 
}
*/ 


class Test {
    public :    
    int a ; 
    int b ; 
        Test(int i , int j ) : a(i) , b(j) {
            cout<<"Constructer Executed"<<endl; 
            cout<<"Value of A is : "<<a<<endl;
            cout<<"Value of B is : "<<b<<endl;
        }
}; -->